---
title: "Privacy Policy"
date: "22 August, 2024"
---

## Introduction to Privacy Practices

Rapid HR Connect (“we,” “our,” or “us”) is committed to safeguarding your privacy. This Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information when interacting with our services. By accessing or using our services, you confirm that you have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.

## Definitions and Key Terms

- **Cookies:** Small pieces of data generated by a website and stored by your web browser, which are used to identify your browser, provide analytics, and remember information such as your language preferences or login details.
- **Company:** When this policy mentions “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to Rapidhire LTD, registered address: rooms 1703-1704, 17/F Tung Chiu Comm Ctr, 193 Lockhart Rd, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, office address: office number 245, 8/FL, 28 Yee Wo St Causeway Bay, Hong Kong, and registration number 70354637, which is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy.
- **Country:** In this case, the jurisdiction in which Rapid HR Connect or its founders are based in Hong Kong.
- **Customer:** Refers to the entity or individual who registers to use Rapid HR Connect’s services to manage relationships with their clients or service users.
- **Device:** Any internet-connected device, such as a smartphone, tablet, or computer, used to access Rapid HR Connect and its services.
- **IP Address:** A unique number assigned to every device connected to the Internet, often used to identify the location from which the device accesses the Internet.
- **Personnel:** Individuals employed by Rapid HR Connect or contracted to perform services for one party.
- **Personal Data:** Information that directly or indirectly identifies a natural person, including but not limited to name, identification number, location data, or online identifiers.
- **Service:**  Rapid HR Connect’s services are described in the terms of service and on this platform.
- **Third-Party Service:** Refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, marketing partners, and others who may provide content or services that could interest you.
- **Website:** The Rapid HR Connect website is accessible via [https://rapidhrconnect.com](https://rapidhrconnect.com/).
- **You:** The individual or entity registered with Rapid HR Connect to use its services.

## Information Collection Practices

We gather information from you when you visit our website, register an account, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, or fill out a form. The information we collect includes:

- **Name/Username**
- **Phone Numbers**
- **Email Addresses**
- **Mailing Addresses**
- **Billing Addresses**
- **Age**
- **Password**

## How We Utilise the Collected Information

The information we collect from you may be used in several ways, including:

- **Personalising Your Experience:** We use your information to understand your needs better and tailor our offerings accordingly, enhancing your overall experience with our services.
- **Improving Our Website:** Feedback and user data help us continuously improve our website’s functionality and user experience.
- **Enhancing Customer Service:** Your information lets us respond more efficiently to customer service inquiries and support requests.
- **Processing Transactions:** We use your information to process and complete transactions you initiate.
- **Administering Contests and Promotions:** The information collected can be used to manage contests, promotions, surveys, or other site features.
- **Sending Periodic Emails:** We may use your email address to send you information and updates regarding your order or services, as well as to inform you about company news, updates, or other services that may interest you.

## Collection of End-User Information from Third Parties

Rapid HR Connect may collect end-user data necessary to provide our services. End-users might voluntarily provide us with information available on social media websites. If you do so, we may collect publicly accessible information from these platforms based on your privacy settings.

## Use of Customer Information from Third Parties

We sometimes receive information about you from third parties. For instance, if you express interest in becoming a customer of Rapid HR Connect, we might receive your email from a third-party service provider. We may also collect publicly available information from social media websites. You can control the extent of information shared by adjusting your privacy settings on those platforms.

## Sharing Information with Third Parties

We may share the information we collect, both personal and non-personal, with third parties such as advertisers, marketing partners, or others who provide content or services that we believe may interest you. We may also share information about mergers, asset sales, or other business reorganisations with our affiliates. Trusted third-party service providers may be engaged to perform services like hosting, database management, email management, and payment processing, and they may have access to your personal information for these purposes.

## Email Communication

By submitting your email address, you consent to receive emails from us. You can opt out of these communications by following the unsubscribe instructions in each email. We do not send unsolicited commercial emails and respect your privacy preferences. Your email address may also be used for custom audience targeting on platforms like Facebook, where we display tailored advertising.

## Security Measures to Protect Your Information

We implement various security measures to safeguard your personal information during transactions and while you use our services. All sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and encrypted in our secure databases. However, no system is entirely foolproof, and we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information.

## Security of Information Collected

Rapid HR Connect takes reasonable precautions to protect your information from unauthorised access, disclosure, or destruction. However, no security system is impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee the complete security of your data. If a breach occurs, we will take appropriate action by applicable laws and regulations.

## Updating or Correcting Your Information

You have the right to request updates or corrections to your information. Depending on your relationship with Rapid HR Connect, you may contact us to update your personal data, change communication preferences, or request the deletion of your information. We may verify your identity before processing these requests. Please note that certain information may be retained for backup or legal purposes.

## Information Sharing with Affiliates

We may disclose your personal data to our corporate affiliates, entities under common control with Rapid HR Connect. These affiliates will treat your information according to this Privacy Policy.

## Governing Law

This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of Hong Kong, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of Hong Kong in the event of any dispute arising under or related to this Privacy Policy.

## Your Consent to Our Privacy Practices

By using Rapid HR Connect’s website or services, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you disagree with this policy, please refrain from using our services. Continued use following any changes to this policy will indicate your acceptance of those changes.

## Children’s Privacy

Our services are not directed to individuals under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child has provided us with personal data, please contact us so we can remove such information.

## Updates to Our Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy occasionally to reflect changes in our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. If we make significant changes, we will notify you and allow you to review the updated policy. Continued use of our services after making changes will constitute your acceptance of the revised policy.

## Use of Tracking Technologies

- **Google Maps API:** We use Google Maps API to enhance your experience on our website by providing location-based services. Google Maps API may collect information from your device for security purposes.
- **Cookies:** We use cookies to collect data that helps us understand how our services are used and personalise your experience. This section details how we collect, use, and protect data, particularly for European Economic Area (EEA) users.

## GDPR Compliance and Data Protection

Rapid HR Connect is committed to complying with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which sets strict standards for data protection and privacy for individuals within the European Union. This section explains how we ensure compliance with GDPR, including your rights to access, update, or delete your data.

## Rights of Data Subjects: Access, Portability, and Deletion

Under GDPR, you can access, update, retrieve, and delete your data. Rapid HR Connect processes and stores all personal data in compliance with GDPR standards, ensuring your information is handled securely and transparently.

## Contact Information

For any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please get in touch with Rapid HR Connect:

- **Email:** [info@rapidhrconnect.com](mailto:info@rapidhrconnect.com)
- **Phone:** [Awaiting Update](#)
- **Website:** [https://rapidhrconnect.com/get-in-touch](https://rapidhrconnect.com/get-in-touch)
