---
title: "Terms and Conditions"
date: "22 August, 2024"
---

## General Terms of Service

By accessing and engaging with Rapid HR Connect and its services, you agree to adhere to the Terms and Conditions outlined below. These terms govern your use of the entire Rapid HR Connect website and any email correspondence or other forms of communication between you and Rapid HR Connect. Rapid HR Connect shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages, including but not limited to the loss of data or profits, that arise from the use or inability to use materials available on this site. This limitation of liability applies even if Rapid HR Connect or its authorised representatives have been advised of the potential for such damages. Should materials from this site necessitate servicing, repairs, or corrections to your equipment or data, all associated costs are your responsibility.

## Usage Licence and Agreement

These Terms & Conditions form a legally binding agreement between you and Rapidhire LTD (referred to herein as “Rapid HR Connect,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). This Agreement governs your use of the Rapid HR Connect website and its services (collectively referred to as the “Rapid HR Connect Service”). Using the Rapid HR Connect Service, you agree to comply with and be bound by these Terms & Conditions. If you disagree with any part of these terms, you should not access or use the Rapid HR Connect Service. In these Terms & Conditions, “you” refers both to the individual accessing the service and to the legal entity you represent. Should you violate these terms, Rapid HR Connect reserves the right to terminate your account and deny access to its services without notice.

## Definitions and Interpretations

For these Terms & Conditions, specific terms are defined as follows:

- **Cookies:** Small pieces of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser, typically used to identify your browser, provide analytics, and store your preferences or login information.
- **Company:** When this document mentions “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to Rapidhire LTD, registered address: rooms 1703-1704, 17/F Tung Chiu Comm Ctr, 193 Lockhart Rd, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, office address: office number 245, 8/FL, 28 Yee Wo St Causeway Bay, Hong Kong, and registration number 70354637, which is responsible for your information under these Terms & Conditions.
- **Country:** The jurisdiction in which Rapid HR Connect or its founders are based, which in this case is Hong Kong.
- **Device:** Any internet-connected device such as a smartphone, tablet, computer, or other devices that can be used to visit Rapid HR Connect and access its services.
- **Service:** Refers to the services provided by Rapid HR Connect as described in these Terms & Conditions and on our platform.
- **Third-Party Services:** Refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others whose products, services, or content may be offered or linked through our website.
- **Website:** The Rapid HR Connect site, accessible via the URL: [https://rapidhrconnect.com](https://rapidhrconnect.com/).
- **You:** A person or entity registered with Rapid HR Connect to use its services.

## Usage Restrictions

You agree to use the Rapid HR Connect website and services following these Terms & Conditions. Specifically, you agree not to and will not permit others to:

- Remove, alter, or obscure copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices on the Rapid HR Connect website or its content.
- Sell, rent, lease, assign, distribute, transmit, host, outsource, disclose, or otherwise commercially exploit the website or its services to any third party.
- Modify, create derivative works from, disassemble, decompile, or reverse engineer any part of the Rapid HR Connect website.

## Age Verification

Using the Rapid HR Connect Service, you confirm that you meet the minimum age required to enter into legally binding agreements and use recruitment and HR services in your country or region of residence. Depending on the jurisdiction, this age may vary, but you must be at least 18 years old. Rapidhire LTD reserves the right to request proof of age to ensure compliance with this requirement. Failure to provide accurate age information or falsifying age-related data will immediately terminate service provision. We will cease providing services if we determine that you do not meet the minimum age requirement based on applicable local laws.

## Ownership of Feedback and Suggestions

Any ideas, feedback, comments, or suggestions (collectively referred to as “Suggestions”) that you provide to Rapid HR Connect regarding the website or its services shall become the exclusive property of Rapid HR Connect. Rapid HR Connect reserves the right to use, copy, modify, publish, or redistribute the Suggestions for any purpose and in any manner without providing any compensation or acknowledgment to you.

## Your Consent to Our Terms

By using the Rapid HR Connect website, registering an account, or making a purchase, you agree to the Terms & Conditions set forth in this document. These Terms & Conditions provide transparency into what data is collected when you visit our site, how it is used, and the legal terms that govern your use of our services.

## Modifications to Our Terms & Conditions

Rapid HR Connect reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any part of the website or service at any time, with or without notice. Additionally, Rapid HR Connect may update these Terms & Conditions occasionally. Continued use of our website after changes have been made constitutes your acceptance of those changes. If you do not agree to the new terms, you must stop using the website and services Rapid HR Connect provides.

## Changes and Updates to Our Website

From time to time, Rapid HR Connect may make updates or improvements to the website’s features, functionality, or content, which may include patches, bug fixes, upgrades, and other modifications. These updates may alter or remove certain features or functionalities of the website. You agree that Rapid HR Connect has no obligation to (i) provide any updates or (ii) continue providing or enabling any particular features or functionalities of the website.

## Interaction with Third-Party Services

Rapid HR Connect may display, include, or make available third-party content (such as data, information, applications, or other products and services) or provide links to third-party websites or services. Rapid HR Connect is not responsible for third-party services’ accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, legality, or quality. Access and use of third-party services are at your own risk and are subject to the terms and conditions of those third parties.

## Duration and Termination of Agreement

This Agreement remains effective until you or Rapid HR Connect terminates it. Rapid HR Connect reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the website and services at any time, with or without notice, for any reason or no reason. If you violate any terms of this Agreement, Rapid HR Connect may terminate your access immediately without prior notice. You may terminate this Agreement by ceasing to use the website and deleting all copies from your devices.

## Disclaimer of Warranties

The Rapid HR Connect website and services are provided “as is” and “as available” without any warranties, express or implied. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Rapid HR Connect disclaims all warranties, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. Rapid HR Connect does not guarantee that the website will meet your requirements, be uninterrupted, timely, secure, error-free, or that defects will be corrected. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you.

## Limitation of Liability

In no event shall Rapid HR Connect be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of or in connection with your use of the website, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, data, or other intangible losses, even if Rapid HR Connect has been advised of the possibility of such damages. The total liability of Rapid HR Connect and its suppliers shall be limited to the amount you paid to access the website or use the service. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so some limitations may not apply to you.

## Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Rapid HR Connect, its affiliates, employees, agents, and licensors from any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including legal fees, arising out of or related to your use of the website, your violation of these Terms & Conditions, or your infringement of any intellectual property or other rights of any third party.

## Severability Clause

If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect. The failure of Rapid HR Connect to enforce any right or provision of this Agreement does not constitute a waiver of that right or provision.

## No Waiver of Rights

Except as expressly provided in these Terms & Conditions, the failure of either party to exercise any right or require the performance of any obligation under this Agreement shall not affect the party’s ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time after that. Any waiver of a breach of this Agreement shall not be a waiver of any subsequent breach.

## Entire Agreement

These Terms & Conditions, together with our Privacy Policy and any other legal notices published by Rapid HR Connect on the website, constitute the entire Agreement between you and Rapid HR Connect regarding the use of the website. This Agreement supersedes any prior agreements or communications between you and Rapid HR Connect. Additional terms and conditions may apply when you use or purchase other services from Rapid HR Connect, which will be provided at the time of such use or purchase.

## Amendments to the Agreement

Rapid HR Connect reserves the right to modify or replace these Terms & Conditions at any time.  Rapid HR Connect will provide at least 30 days’ notice if changes are significant before the new terms take effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion. By continuing to use the website after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the updated terms. If you disagree with the new terms, you must discontinue using the website and services.

## Intellectual Property Rights

The Rapid HR Connect website and all its contents, including but not limited to information, software, text, images, video, audio, design, and arrangement, are owned by Rapid HR Connect or its licensors and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. You may not copy, modify, distribute, or create derivative works based on the website or its contents without the express written permission of Rapid HR Connect.

## Agreement to Arbitrate Disputes

Any dispute between you and Rapid HR Connect arising out of or related to these Terms & Conditions, except disputes associated with enforcing intellectual property rights, shall be resolved through binding arbitration. You agree to waive your right to litigate any such disputes in court before a judge or jury. The rules of the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre will conduct the arbitration. Either party may seek interim or preliminary injunctive relief from a court of competent jurisdiction as necessary to protect its rights pending the completion of arbitration. The prevailing party in arbitration shall be entitled to recover all costs, fees, and expenses, including legal fees.

## Notice of Dispute

If a dispute arises, you must provide Rapid HR Connect with a Notice of Dispute, a written statement that includes your name, address, contact information, and a dispute description. Rapid HR Connect will send a Notice of Dispute to the address we have on file for you. Both parties will attempt to resolve the dispute informally within 60 days of sending the Notice of Dispute. If the dispute is unresolved within this period, either party may initiate arbitration.

## Submission and Privacy of Content

If you submit any ideas, suggestions, designs, photographs, or other content to Rapid HR Connect, you agree that such submissions will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Rapid HR Connect will own all rights to these submissions and may use them for any purpose without you being compensated.

## Promotions and Contests

Rapid HR Connect may occasionally run promotions, contests, or sweepstakes that require you to provide personal information. These activities will be governed by separate rules, which you should read carefully before participating. You agree to comply with all applicable regulations and conditions when entering any promotion.

## Errors and Corrections

If any product or service on the Rapid HR Connect website is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to a typographical error, Rapid HR Connect reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders for the product or service listed incorrectly. If your payment has already been processed, Rapid HR Connect will issue a refund for the amount charged.

## Disclaimer of Responsibility

Rapid HR Connect is not responsible for any website content, code, or inaccuracies. The website and its contents are provided “as is” and “as available” without warranties or guarantees. Rapid HR Connect reserves the right to change the website and its contents without prior notice.

## Contact Information

For any questions or concerns regarding these Terms & Conditions, please get in touch with Rapid HR Connect:

- **Email:** [info@rapidhrconnect.com](mailto:info@rapidhrconnect.com)
- **Phone:** [+85230011568](tel:+85230011568)
- **Website:** [https://rapidhrconnect.com/get-in-touch](https://rapidhrconnect.com/get-in-touch)
